# Art-Gallery-Management-System
Administration must hire one or more workers and workers must be hired by administration and gallery must contains one or more admins. Workers works in the gallery and gallery must have one or more workers. Art gallery must contains one or more artwork which includes types of arts i.e. nature, floral, portraits, landscapes, cityscapes, geometric design, splashing colors and historic places, it also includes its artists and vendors. Art work must have an artist. An artist must have one or more artwork. An artwork must be provided by different sellers/vendors and vendor must provide one or more artwork. Art gallery organized one or more exhibitions at a time and exhibition must associates with the same gallery. Exhibition must have one or more customers including their details like phone number, email and theirs id’s and it is optional either a customer have gone to exhibition or not gone to exhibition. It is optional for the customer to provide a feedback of art gallery. It is optional for the customer to buy one or more artwork or buy nothing. An artwork must be purchase by customer. Administration must registers one or more users and one user gets registered by one and only one admin. One user must have one login and registered by an administration. One account requires one only one login and one login associate with only one account. An account entity includes account no of the user  provided by an admin. User places one or more orders through account and one order must associate with one and only one user. Order must have one or more artwork. An artwork may have one or more orders.  One account have one or more suggestions or may be there is no suggestion by any user through his/her account. One or more accounts must be managed by at least one admin member and admin must manage one or more accounts.
